well howdy there enough people let's bow
again we got to talk about something
serious tonight apparently the US
government is planning on teaching
American kids Arabic numerals I want to
know why you know all over Facebook
there's polls going on about it the good
thing is American people are starting to
wake up is it's it's 60 to 85 percent
say no we don't need to learn this and I
agree with that I don't know why we
can't just use the numbers we use today
I mean when you really think about this
why will we need to do that I mean
that's kind of scary this is this is
obviously you know it's a plot it's got
to be it's got to be a plot I mean that
and then you hear them talking about it
saying that you know it's the basis of
mathematics and then and science
everywhere that's that just that's just
that Taketa that they use when they're
talking um I mean this is this has got
to be a plot from that algebra group
it's how they gonna bring about Shakera
law if you don't know that the numbers
on your keyboard our Arabic numerals
that's okay there's nothing wrong with
that there's nothing wrong with not
knowing something
however basing your opinion off of one
word and not actually knowing the
context of what is being asked that
that's that that is bad especially when
it is supposedly something that is going
to influence policy the numbers we use
are Arabic numerals that's what they are
but because it has that word Arabic in
it the immediate reaction from people
was no no it's got to be bad
because the propaganda has gotten so
thick since 9/11 that everything
associated with the Middle East is is
seen as horrible it has to be evil we
need to walk that back we need to walk
that back and we need to do it quick
generally speaking anytime the question
is should Americans learn X the answer
is yes always always the fact that we
have become a nation or knowledge it is
looked down upon we're gaining knowledge
of any kind is looked down upon is it's
a bad sign it is a bad sign
the Middle East has contributed a lot to
civilization as a whole and disregarding
something simply because it's Arab in
origin it's it's ridiculous as a genetic
fallacy it it is how we end up with a
society where 60 to 85 percent of people
answer a poll they know nothing about
that's how we got here was by saying no
we don't need to learn that what good is
that gonna do us probably a lot
education is never wasted knowledge is
never wasted so anytime this topic comes
up the answer should pretty much always
be yes yes Americans do need to learn
this
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night